Don't put any food down the sink.
Garbage disposal's broken.
-I'll call the landlord.
-All right.
He took a week to call the plumber
when we lost the hot water,
but I guess this doesn't matter as much.
We'll just use the regular trash.
Yes.
10% to 15% of known pregnancies
end in miscarriage.
This wasn't unusual.
No. You're right.
We're not the only people
to go through this.
The best thing to do
is to just get back to normal.
Hmm.
I'm glad you're going back into work.
Couple more days of rest,
and I'll be doing that, too.
Are you sure you're all right?
"All right" is stretching it,
but yeah.
We just need some time.
[exhales deeply]
[melancholic version
of theme music playing]
How you feeling?
All right.
How's Lea doing?
She thinks we need time. I agree.
Hey, Shaun. How are you feeling?
All right. And Lea thinks we need time.
I didn't expect to see you here.
You have a few days leave.
I thought you'd be home.
I prefer to work.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Well, we respect your judgment.
Bon appétit.
Gastric reflux
causing projectile vomiting.
I'm clearing your schedule for the next…
How many days?
Oh. Well, that is up to my lovely
and talented doctors.
Welcome to St. Bonaventure, Senator Clark.
Oh, please. Marian.
Oh, Marian, I am a huge supporter.
You had my vote
in the presidential primaries.
Thank you, Dr. Browne.
-Oh, Claire.
-Claire.
If only there'd been
another couple million like you.
-[chuckles]
-Yeah.
It's okay. Nothing wrong
with a balanced ticket.
I was in my hotel this morning,
going over my speech,
when this started happening to my face.
Whole left side went rogue,
blinking and twitching like crazy.
Has it happened before?
This was the third time.
Fortunately, all in private.
Needless to say,
I had to cancel my appearance.
Can I see that again?
Oh. I'm sorry. I just deleted it.
The only thing worse than people
seeing my twitchy face in person
is them seeing my twitchy face
on a hacked video.
Mm.
So, how do we go about
deleting it from my body?
It's a hemi-facial spasm.
We should do an MRI to rule out
the more serious possible causes.
Which are?
Aneurysm, MS, possibly a brain tumor.
[sighs] What are the less serious causes?
Stress, exhaustion, too much coffee.
[chuckles]
Well, that's my job description.
Which can be treated
with Botox injections and Ativan.
Ah. Sold.
We still need to do the MRI.
Do both.
Oh. As Claire knows,
I always have to control the agenda.
Hi. Artie Hill.
I have mild heart failure.
I'm Dr. Park.
How do you know
you have mild heart failure?
I'm tired, and I've been
having palpitations.
We'll run tests,
but if it makes you feel better,
a lot of people have palpitations,
and it doesn't usually mean heart failure.
Yeah, but I was just talking
to my doctor on the phone,
and he told me I have heart failure.
The doctor who did my bypass.
Your bypass?
He told me I should
go to the nearest emergency room.
I was in the park,
looking at the cherry trees,
and I started feeling funny, so I called…
When was this bypass?
-Um…
-[man] A month ago.
Paul Nakano.
I performed his surgery
at San Jose General.
Mr. Hill, I hope you took a taxi,
as I asked you to.
It was only three blocks.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to get a 12-lead EKG,
cardiac CT, and bloodwork.
Ordinarily, I'd be thinking about
volume overload as the cause…
But in this case,
sodium and B.U.N. are normal.
The next thing I'd look at is
a post-op myocardial infarction.
But in this case,
the troponins are normal.
So you know what I'm thinking?
Yes. You did your job too damn well.
The heart's been so strengthened
from the bypass
that it's revealed
a weakness in the valve.
It can't handle
the pump pressure.
Hmm.
Dr. Nakano was my Chief of Surgery
when I was a resident.
Hmm.
So, when do you want to
open him up?
I'm hoping never.
Have either of you ever done
a transcatheter aortic valve replacement?
I've read about it.
It's minimally invasive and way preferable
to opening up the patient
for the second time in a month.
Well, I look forward
to learning from you again.
Hmm.
[grunts]
[monitor beeping]
Oh. Excuse me! Sir? Person in the hall?
Oh, sorry.
Hello. I am Dr. Shaun Murphy.
I am a surgeon.
Uh, I-I can't find my socks.
And I can't find the button
to call someone.
Ah. [chuckles]
Now, why would they put it there?
You can't even see it.
What about the socks?
[Artie clears throat]
I have mild heart failure.
I was in the park,
looking at the cherry trees…
Cherry trees aren't in bloom
at this time of year.
Well,
I can still look at them.
They don't disappear
just because the blossoms fall.
Mm. I can get you socks
from the pre-op supplies area.
Ah, yes. I remember those
crappy socks they give you. I'll take 'em.
Why do you guys keep it
so cold in here?
My feet are freezing.
[woman 1 on TV]
It's beautiful to look at
if you're inside
and don't have to go anywhere.
And you might not want
to go anywhere if you don't…
[woman 2]
Take care of Arthur.
But he lost his silly head
and shot Br…
Every night, we have three clients a week
who think I'm waiting tables…
[instrumental music playing]
[TV shuts off]
[cell phone ringing]
[cell phone beeps]
[sighs]
We'll use a pigtail catheter
to place the guide wire,
then run a delivery catheter
through an 18 French sheath
to ferry the new valve
through the femoral artery to the heart.
Then we inflate a balloon
that expands the new valve
and installs it
right inside his current one.
[Shaun] That would kill him.
He has cold feet.
Who are you?
I'm Dr. Shaun Murphy.
He's one of my residents.
Oh. Artie has cold feet?
He's afraid of the procedure?
No, I think Dr. Murphy means it literally.
The patient has cold feet.
Is his body temperature dropping?
No, his core body temperature
is stable at 98.5.
He rarely has cold feet. I got him socks.
You're gonna need to
draw some dotted lines here for me.
Okay. Cold feet means
impaired circulation,
which means constricted
blood flow from the heart,
which means a damaged vessel.
If we try to push the new valve
through the damaged area,
it will rip open, killing him.
"Damaged vessel"?
Yes. You make a mistake
during the bypass,
most likely a tear in the aorta.
I didn't make a mistake.
Mm, you caused an aortic dissection.
Shaun, this man has
more cardiac experience
than everyone in this room times ten.
A lot of people have cold feet.
My wife has cold feet.
Everyone has cold feet in a hospital.
Yes. We should perform
an angio on Mr. Hill.
That will show the aortic dissection.
This man recently underwent
an open heart surgery.
He's gonna have valve replacement.
We don't need to load him up
with yet another procedure
when there was no mistake.
Studies show that old people
are less likely to admit mistakes
because they are less aware
when they've made one.
Okay, Dr. Murphy, you've told us
your thoughts on this case.
It's my understanding
that you have a few days of leave.
I suggest you take them.
I prefer to continue working.
Then do it somewhere else.
[Shaun] You…
will kill him.
You think my surgeon is wrong?
Yes.
And you're, like, a-a real doctor, right?
I am a real doctor.
No offense, but best heart guy around
versus the guy who happened
to be passing my room when I needed socks.
Why shouldn't I let Dr. Nakano
do what he thinks I need?
If anything goes wrong, he can fix it.
It could be difficult.
The tip of the catheter would be likely
to rupture your weakened aorta,
ripping it open and causing you
to hemorrhage into your chest
and bleed out in a matter of minutes.
If you survived,
you'd have severe anoxic brain damage.
But it's unlikely you'd survive.
Go home.
Is Mr. Hill requesting the angio?
He's not just requesting.
He's demanding.
This is why you take a leave of absence
when you need one.
You're not thinking clearly or you never
would have pulled a stunt like this.
I prefer to stay at work.
I could assist with E.R. consults.
Dr. Murphy,
because I'm being professional,
you may not understand
how angry I am right now.
Will you do what Mr. Hill wants?
What you want, you mean?
Yes, we'll do it. You've forced our hand.
Good.
I would have fired him.
[chuckles]
Honey, when Freya brings you a dead rat,
she's offering you a gift.
[Pete chuckles] I know.
I waited until she was gone
so she wouldn't see me toss it away.
-[chuckles]
-Wish you were here.
You could strike the right balance
between enthusiasm
and discouragement.
Oh. Honey, I gotta go.
My doctors are here.
You sure everything is okay there?
Absolutely. These shots
are working like a charm.
-Love you!
-Love you.
Mwah.
The shots are not doing the job.
What else do you have for me?
I had another episode.
It was shorter, but still there.
The MRI shows a branch
off the basilar artery
that's compressing the facial nerve.
Unfortunately, you have
a "tortuous" artery.
Where it should be straight,
it bends and twists.
Bad news is, it'd be a nightmare
to try and address this surgically.
Good news…
Is, other than some twitching,
which is minimized by the Botox,
it's not causing any other problems.
Exactly.
[sighs] Aside from
the complete destruction
of all I want to achieve in life.
Melodramatic, yet true.
These episodes keep happening,
eventually one of them
will get caught on video.
Ten minutes later,
it'll be all over social media.
My opponents will
mock me relentlessly.
I think a lot of people
would have sympathy for you.
We don't vote for people
we feel sympathy for.
We want strong leaders.
We want the symbol more than the reality.
Please help me.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do.
We'll see what we can come up with.
[beeping]
♪ Last night I came out
I was so damn manic… ♪
[sighs]
♪ I don't even know
Where I went wrong ♪
♪ But I went wrong ♪
♪ And it's times like these
That I swear to God ♪
♪ Oh, that my mother can't
See me and if she did ♪
♪ I don't know how
I would keep it together ♪
♪ I don't know how I would keep it ♪
[speaker beeps, music stops]
Shaun?
You shouldn't be here.
Andrews is pissed at you,
with good reason.
There's no need
to make him any more angry.
That's why I'm hiding.
I couldn't wait in the lounge
because the walls are glass
and people could see me.
"Wait"? What are you waiting for?
When they see that I was right,
they'll let me come back.
I want to be prepared.
I'm reading about options
in aortic dissection.
-Shaun, no.
-Yes.
Once they do the angio,
they'll see the evidence.
Dr. Andrews won't be angry anymore.
They did the angio.
Mm.
Oh.
No. No, they… They couldn't.
They did it.
I was there. You were wrong.
But…
-Cold feet…
-It was a focused angio.
I saw the ascending aorta
and the aortic root.
There was no sign of dissection.
They're giving the patient
a chance to rest
before scheduling the TAVR.
We all make mistakes.
But I think you should leave the building
while you're still forgivable.
♪ There's a hole
In the drywall still not fixed ♪
♪ I just haven't gotten around to it ♪
♪ And besides ♪
♪ I'm starting to get used to the gaps ♪
♪ Say you wish you could
Find some way to help ♪
♪ Not to be so hard on myself ♪
♪ So why is it easy
For everyone else? ♪
♪ I'm not always like this ♪
♪ There's always tomorrow I guess ♪
-[Nurse Villanueva] Lea.
-Yeah.
How are you?
I'm good.
It happened to me, too.
Twice.
[Claire] We could bypass
the basilar artery.
A 25% mortality rate, sure.
How about stereotactic radiosurgery?
No, she wouldn't like it.
It takes months
to see any kind of improvement.
It's interesting.
The fact that you like this person
makes you willing
to make really stupid decisions
that could kill her.
We could meet in the middle.
Tortuous or not,
the main basilar isn't causing the spasms.
So we leave it alone and just sling up
the branch of the artery
that's applying the pressure.
Nice.
I have two predictions to make.
One, she'll come up with a rationalization
to justify not telling her husband
about this surgery,
and two, you'll come up
with a rationalization
to justify forgiving her for that.
You wouldn't have fired him.
He's dealing with some personal issues,
and I remember
you giving me some slack once
when I screwed up.
Well, you were facing
a challenging surgery,
and your girlfriend, who I never liked,
by the way, dumped you, so…
You knew about the dumping?
[chuckling] Oh, yeah.
I just didn't know why.
She wanted a commitment.
Said I didn't love her enough.
And I told her I loved her,
but I didn't have time to get into it
because I had an esophagus to reconstruct.
[chuckles]
Why did you help me?
I mean, why me and not Penzer?
He was always number one in our class.
I was always second.
Where's Penzer now?
What, you think I've been following
the guy's career for the past 20 years?
He's at the NIH, making policy.
That's Penzer.
Great mind, great hands,
but I knew he'd never be a surgeon.
He didn't love it enough.
[knock on door]
[cell phone rings]
-I can wait.
-Oh, this can, too.
Just letting the phone get to 10%,
then I'll run the gauntlet
of well-wishers and head out.
Yeah. I'm one of them.
When my grandma died,
I remember a whole relay
of the mothers of the church
bringing food to the house.
They all loved my grandma.
The older ladies got
their best hats and gloves out
for the service.
Pastor made a special prayer
at the gravesite.
We all told stories about her.
There were rituals.
We said goodbye to the past.
You're saying goodbye to the future.
I'm sorry for your loss.
And how soon could I get out of here?
If all goes well, a day,
maybe two at most.
Oh. You hear that, Cal?
Rebooking for Thursday.
There was an "if" there.
That's strange. I heard a "when."
Now, I will be appointing Cal as
my healthcare surrogate while I'm under.
Mm, uh, most people appoint their spouse.
Or at least notify them.
He'll just try to talk me out of this.
Because he loves me.
Whereas Cal is using me
to find a better position,
but knows exactly what I want.
[chuckles]
So… Let's fix my broken brain.
[door opens]
I got your text.
I'm a good diagnostician.
Of course you are.
Sit down. You… You want to sit?
No.
I accounted for every symptom.
I listened to the patient's history.
Someone's feet were cold.
Okay? Uh, just…
Sometimes that means something.
Sometimes it doesn't.
This time, it didn't.
S-So what?
What are you still doing here, Shaun?
Wh… Do you not want to go home?
You gotta go home. You suffered a loss.
You gotta…
You gotta deal with it. You gotta face it.
Mm.
Why do I have to "face it"?
What does that mean? It happened.
Yeah.
It did happen.
It happened, okay?
Go home
and be with Lea.
Oh, Claire. I'm happy to see you.
Uh, it seems the reporters
have discovered I'm here,
so poor Cal has gone off
to craft a believable explanation.
So, what's something a person
might be hospitalized for
that says "I'm an unstoppable force"?
You want me to provide you
with a good lie?
Yeah.
But you must be scared.
I'm terrified.
You know, when I'm scared,
I think about Evvie Sinclair.
You were the commencement speaker
at my high school graduation.
Oh.
I was a bit of a mess back then.
I had no idea
what I was gonna do with my life
or what I could do with my life.
And you told us about Evvie Sinclair,
born with Turner Syndrome,
small in stature,
facial abnormalities, speech impairment.
But she just had
a desperate need to learn.
And against her parents' wishes,
she started high school.
And…
And I just remember thinking…
If Evvie can go through those doors
and walk down those halls…
I went home that day,
and I applied to 11 colleges.
[chuckles]
So, I am a doctor…
because of you.
And Evvie.
Mm.
That was a great story.
Rickie Demarest.
He was my campaign manager before Cal.
He made up some lovely stuff.
[door opens]
You're back early.
Dr. Andrews sent me home,
and Dr. Glassman thinks we should talk.
Dr. Glassman is not a counselor.
He's a neurosurgeon.
And a sometimes annoying person.
I'm gonna make some tea.
-[cell phone rings]
-Oh. It's your mother.
-No, no, no, no, no.
-Hello.
[Pam] Hi, Shaun. How are you?
I'm… Well.
Lea…
Can't talk to you now.
Oh, you're both home.
I wanted to ask about strollers.
The one Lea likes, I read a review
that said the front wheel
keeps coming off.
I'm sure she won't listen,
so I'm gonna send a link.
You should read it, too.
Yes. Thank you.
You don't want your little girl
pitching headfirst onto the sidewalk.
Oh, no.
No. We wouldn't.
[quietly] Just hang up. Just…
Okay. I should go.
And now that we know it's a girl,
I was wondering…
I already bought a onesie
with little dinosaurs on it.
Unbelievably cute.
Mm. Cute. Yes.
Okay, that sounds good.
I am due at the hospital.
Just a quick question.
Since it's not a boy,
the dinosaurs will have to go.
What would be nice for a girl?
I don't… I don't know.
There's one with ballet shoes.
That's stupid.
Why would you have to change it?
A girl would like dinosaurs
just as much as a boy.
Dinosaurs are fascinating.
You need to shut up.
Um…
[Pam sighs]
-Shaun?
-[cell phone beeps]
As you all know, Senator Clark
is a very competitive person.
She tore her meniscus
while charging the net
to return a drop shot.
For the record,
it was match point, which she won.
She underwent…
I wonder if he negotiates
employment contracts.
And thanks to the terrific doctors
here at St. Bonaventure,
she'll be back fighting for you
before you know it.
Senator Clark
wanted to thank all…
Oh, did you hear that?
We're terrific.
You must be. You repaired
her meniscus through her head.
It's no one's business why she's here.
And there's the rationalization
I've been waiting for.
If this was someone you didn't like,
these character flaws
would reveal some deep problem
worthy of your eternal judgment,
but since…
You're head of department.
I'm sure you've had to
spin things sometimes.
"Spin things"? Sure.
Lie? No.
Just one more example of how
Senator Clark has been able…
And that was an example of both.
[cell phones chime]
Marian isn't waking up.
And to that end, she's already making
calls and sending e-mails.
Oh. And texts.
She just told me to wrap it up.
[laughter]
I yelled at your mother.
Yeah.
I misdiagnosed a patient.
That's why they sent me home.
I'm not behaving normally.
Neither am I.
But maybe this is normal
for where we're at.
Dr. Glassman talked about
"facing my loss,"
but I don't know what that means,
and even if we could face it,
won't we just hurt ourselves
for no reason?
I don't know.
I don't think
grief has an actual solution.
It has to. I can't stay this way.
Claire told me about this support group.
I'm not sure we can just
force ourselves past this.
The cold feet are not a coincidence.
If they do the TAVR procedure,
they'll kill the patient.
For a different reason.
[door closes]
[monitor beeping]
[Nakano] The guide wire's in place.
I'm preparing to deliver the valve.
-[door opens]
-[Shaun] Okay, you… You have to stop.
If that valve goes through…
-Get out of here, Murphy.
-No.
If that valve goes through, he'll die.
-Call Security.
-I thought it was an aortic dissection,
but I was wrong. The cold feet are
from a coarctation… No.
No. No, no. It's too close.
You're too close. Stop!
-Stop! Stop, please! Stop!
-[alarm blaring]
B.P.'s spiking. 200 over 100.
Heart rate's up. He's gonna stroke.
Give him nitro and cardene!
-I'm pulling out.
-[alarm blaring]
[blaring stops]
B.P.'s dropping.
He's starting to stabilize.
Okay.
Dr. Murphy?
Go on.
Dr. Nakano did not
make a mistake in the bypass.
He did everything right.
But Mr. Hill has a congenital narrowing
of the abdominal aorta.
He's had that coarctation for year,
but never knew
because his body compensated
for the poor circulation
by raising his blood pressure,
caused his heart to deteriorate,
requiring a bypass.
The stronger, repaired heart
put pressure on the valve,
and his blood pressure dropped.
No more compensation.
His feet got cold.
And I could get the guide wire up there,
but the valve delivery system
would be too big
to fit through the coarctation
without damaging the vessel.
Yes.
We'll have to open him up.
And the valve will have to
be replaced directly…
through surgery.
I hope you'll join us for that.
How's Cal gonna spin this?
Her latest tennis match
went into extra sets?
[computer beeps]
[Jordan] Slinged branch looks good,
no conflict with the seventh nerve,
no bleeds, no strokes.
The basilar is dilated.
And compressing her brain stem.
-[computer beeps]
-She's stopped breathing.
We need to intubate.
Get the airway cart.
[Cal] Tell them
she's gonna be at the conference.
If they keep asking,
tell them the Senator believes
anyone not ready to commit
on climate change action
is on the wrong side of history.
Just never use that phrase
more than once a month.
-He has to run.
-[cell phone beeps]
The sling procedure went fine,
but the basilar artery
was less stable than we hoped.
It's gotten even more dilated
and is causing progressive
neurological deficits.
We have no choice
but to bypass the artery.
The last surgery was dangerous.
This one way more so.
What do you need me to sign?
We should inform her husband.
There is a one in four chance
that she could die.
If I told Pete that,
he'd be at the airport in half an hour,
and everyone would know that Marian is
in this hospital for something serious.
She has a brain aneurysm.
That doesn't make her weak.
Even worse. It makes her mortal.
Her husband has a right to be here.
A moral right. To destroy her career.
Which is what I'm protecting her from.
This is just a game to you,
isn't it?
Yeah. The game they make you play
before you can do anything real.
[monitor beeping]
[Nakano] Valve placed. Leaflets mobile.
[Shaun] New valve is perfectly
seated in the annulus.
No regurgitation,
flow in both coronary arteries.
[Nakano] I'm about to close up.
[Dr. Park] Looks like
we've got a paravalvular leak.
We need to go back and fix this.
[Nakano] Irrigate and check the image.
No leak.
Slight excess from the washing jets
in the mechanical valve.
Normal finding.
[Shaun] Wow. You're very good.
I think he knows that.
[Nakano] Still nice to hear.
Closing up now.
Two-oh Vicryl suture.
[Dr. Lim] Retracting
temporal lobe and cerebellum…
Very carefully.
[Claire] Vascular anatomy
is fully exposed,
avoiding the tortuous area.
[Jordan] Radial artery graft length
looks to be a perfect fit.
Anastomosing with 9-0 Prolene.
-Temporal lobe's swelling.
-[alarm blaring]
[Claire] B.P. and heart rate
are plummeting.
Drop her CO2,
full propofol burst suppression.
Widen the craniotomy.
With the cerebellum herniating outward?
We do that,
she may never walk normally again.
If she didn't want a twitch…
[Dr. Lim] Drill.
[drill whirring]
Open the arachnoid plane
and release CSF collections.
Reduce the pressure from the inside.
For her, it's worth the risk.
[alarm continues]
Arachnoid dissector.
There was a patient admitted this morning
I think you should see.
You thinking of Mrs. Cavanaugh?
That's a good idea, Dr. Park.
We'd welcome another take
as to whether she's a good candidate
for inserting an ICD.
I'll consult just on that question,
if you'd like me to.
But I won't join in the O.R.
I'm quitting surgery.
I don't understand.
When did you decide…
Fifteen minutes ago.
I nearly closed up
without doing a final antibiotic lavage.
But you didn't.
Nurse Barker prompted you
with the syringe.
It was a tiny error.
There was no contamination of the field.
Many surgeons don't even
do a final lavage.
I always told myself
once I started making tiny errors,
I'd stop before I made a big one.
[Dr. Andrews] Paul,
we almost lost a patient today.
You were still rattled.
Thank you, Marcus.
But I made this plan years ago,
because I knew that when the time came,
I'd look for reasons
why whatever I did wrong
was tiny, minor, didn't count.
That's when I made the rule.
Everything counts.
Dr. Murphy, it was nice sewing with you.
[door closes]
[water running]
[monitor beeping]
[sighs] You gave us a scare.
But all good now.
You're mad at me.
About little Evvie.
[sighs]
Well, Evvie inspired me.
I took strength from her for years.
Now it's all fiction.
Fictional lives can save real lives.
Four years ago, I used that story
on the Senate floor.
I got my bill passed by one vote.
That lie helped millions of people
with disabilities.
I'm really proud of that lie.
I'm heading out
to have a drink with Dr. Nakano.
Are you going to try
to talk him out of leaving surgery?
No.
I'm going because
no one's meant to shoulder loss alone.
And I'm the one
who should be with him tonight.
Why?
Because we love the same thing.
And he knows no one would understand
what he's lost more than I would.
[elevator bell dings]
I have been thinking…
about all the people you've helped,
including me.
And about not…
sharing the danger you were in
with your husband.
Probably not sharing
a lot of other things.
And it struck me that… [sighs]
Being in a marriage like that
must be lonely.
You can't trust him to lie.
So you end up sharing more of yourself
with a guy like Cal,
who is a hired gun
and who's gonna end up
working for somebody else
two years from now.
The fact that Pete and I don't talk shop
doesn't make our marriage
less than wonderful.
Another lie?
Hey, hey!
How 'bout those Devils, huh? [chuckles]
But before I go all fan girl
about last night's game,
let's talk about the upcoming
climate change conference.
I have to tell you guys a story
about a little boy
who lives on the Outer Banks
of South Carolina,
whose home is about to be washed away…
♪ I think if I fail again ♪
♪ That I know you're still listening ♪
♪ Maybe it's all gonna
Turn out all right… ♪
[sighs] I could get another mug,
or I could wash these.
It's a tough decision.
Mm.
I should probably tell you,
I didn't get to calling the landlord.
And maybe ten minutes ago,
I saw a couple fruit flies
near the drain, so…
♪ I have to believe that it is ♪
♪ Have to believe… ♪
[sighs] So… Yeah.
[voice breaking]
Now it's my fault if we're…
If we get bugs.
♪ When I tell you that it is ♪
♪ Oh, it's not for my benefit ♪
♪ Maybe it's all gonna
Turn out all right ♪
♪ Oh, I know that it's not ♪
♪ But I have to believe that it is ♪
[sniffles]
[closing theme music playing]